We plan to create a decentralized system in which each volunteer can allocate a particular amount of space in his computer to this noble cause. These nodes will keep the complete data encrypted so that people can access this whenever and as they require. These nodes will contain data hashed based on the shape of the image of the missing child. Once this is done there will be a master node monitoring these sub-nodes that will be allocated at district level. This node will contain the information off which node contains which information. Above this level there will be a master node at state level keeping track of all the district level nodes and what information it contains. This structure will be carried over to country level followed by continent and then the world. This structure will be beneficial to us considering that the person who is lost over a particular region is most likely to be found over that same. In the above structure to find a person in district level we have to search only in one level and then the data in the computer of the destination. If we have to search for someone in the state level then we will move two steps up and first search state level then the district level and finally the end node. By doing so we will be able to reduce the load of the above level. These super nodes will always just need to return the IP address of the next node to be searched. When we have the IP of the end-node and the required information we will transfer the complete data between the two computers in peer-to-peer manner. To access the information we will have a complete suite of software which will be only capable to connect to the super nodes and decrypt the information transferred. This method of indexing will reduce the amount of data that need to be transferred by higher level nodes so that they can carter to more number of request whereas the lowest level will need to transfer more data independently through peer-to-peer method as it has to carter less amount of requests.

Presentation Link - https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1fM3i0nMS4MuiifNcAulUHwbQ6WON4K-jdahuk7iRPIY/edit?usp=sharing
